Senior official Jiang wants to arrest people
Of course I have nothing to say
But please come and take a look at this file.
Where did you record the video from?
Senior official jiang
Do you want me to continue?
Why isn't it just a video?
Hurry up and catch him
Jiang Shan, shut up for me
beast
What's going on?
Isn't this just a video?
Maybe it's fake
If it is fake, just take a look and you will know.
Don't wait
Hey what
Why did you kneel down for him?
Didn't you help me get ahead?
Please shut up
Get out! Get out
You two go out too
I have something to say to Mr. Jiang
How did you get this file?
Thanks to your lover
I can get what I want
Du Chen, please destroy the documents now
I can pretend nothing happened
Does Senior Official Jiang want this document?
Show up at the leader's table tomorrow